NAS-100087 , NAS-101289 : TrueNAS disk number mismatches (#1086)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/system.rst

When HA has been disabled by the system administrator, the status icon
changes to :guilabel:`HA Disabled`. If the standby node is not

> available because it is powered off, still starting up, is disconnected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
available because it is powered off, still starting up, disconnected
```

More concise?

:ref:`encrypted <Encryption>` pool must be entered at the |web-ui|
login screen.

If there are a different number of disks connected to each node, an

> :ref:`Alert` is generated and the HA icon will switch to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:ref:`Alert` is generated and the HA icon switches to
```
